OSDOCS-9751: Added and described machine pool graphics (#74172)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-objects.adoc

|--replicas
|Required when autoscaling is not configured. The number (integer) of machines for this machine pool.

|--tags                            

> |Apply user defined tags to all resources created by ROSA in AWS. Tags are comma separated, for example: 'key:value,foo:bar'

Reviewer: The help message is like below
```
lixue@Xue-Lis-MacBook-Pro ~ % rosa create cluster -h|grep tags
      --tags strings                                          Apply user defined tags to all resources created by ROSA in AWS. Tags are comma separated, for example: 'key value, foo bar'
```

Author: Updated the text to:

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/16167833/01772041-65a7-47a5-a356-87b5c8aef437)

> |Apply user defined tags to all resources created by ROSA in AWS. Tags are comma separated, for example: 'key value, foo bar'.

Reviewer 2: I think these are supposed to be backticks since they don't resolve properly in the rendered output:
```suggestion
|Apply user defined tags to all resources created by ROSA in AWS. Tags are comma separated, for example: `key value, foo bar`.
```
If the single apostrophe is important to the syntax, maybe you could include both, like this:
```suggestion
|Apply user defined tags to all resources created by ROSA in AWS. Tags are comma separated, for example: `'key value, foo bar'`.
```

Either way it's up to you, I just feel like this should be wrapped in backticks if it refers to something that shows up in a CLI or file.

$ rosa create machinepool --cluster=mycluster --replicas=2 --instance-type=r5.2xlarge --labels=foo=bar,bar=baz --name=mp-1
----

Add a machine pool with tags to a cluster.

[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa create machinepool --cluster=mycluster --replicas=2 --instance-type=r5.2xlarge --tags=foo:bar,bar:baz --name=mp-1

Reviewer: Let's show example follow help message hint.

Author: Good catch - I changed it to match like so:
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/16167833/671a2582-0eba-4ae1-b1e4-6255fd0bd0a7)
